# How do we want to display information about a block to users?

How do we want to tell the user that the browser has received a 451 status response? The way the Chrome Extension is currently set up, `background.js` checks requests to see if the status code was `451`, and then animates the extension icon. If we want to show the user more details, it's slightly more complicated, because we [cannot programmatically open the extension popup](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=399859). There are a couple of different ways we could do this:

- Notifications. There's the cross-browser [web notifications](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Notifications_API) API and the [Chrome specific rich-notification one](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/notifications). The issue is that these notifications are not really meant for displaying a lot of information - long messages are truncated. If we want to display things like url of the resource that's blocked, IP address of the blocking server, etc. then a notification would be inadequate. What we could do is simply display one notification saying "451 status code detected", and have an action button on it that a user could click to get more information. How would we display this 'more information'? Popup created by background page (would these be autoblocked by browser even if a Chrome Extension with permissions creates it?)? Modifying the 451'd page itself to display the information, through injecting a content script (refer to next point)? Open up a new tab?

- Content script. Insert a js file into every page and when the background script detects a `451` status code, it will send a message with the relevant details to display (url of blocked resource etc.) to the appropriate handler in the already-injected content script. The content script will use this information to render a popup / a new small div.

We could also display a Tor advert to users!
